we asked a few familiar faces for their
reactions to Sunday's show it was
wonderful to be chosen oh it was
bittersweet because we just got so close
to everybody and the good thing was that
I just everybody tonight I think did
brilliantly I mean I just absolutely
three amazing couples in the final so we
should get some really fine laughs we
did everything possible danced correctly
yes and we did enough and the public
what is there you know I cannot I cannot
thank them enough for getting us to the
final tonight all the emotions not to
the same degree obviously when I was in
it the consistent I was going through
the emotions like hardcore but but
really emotional because them Oh see car
crying which spot when Gavin and Scott
Frey and they were now and seen James in
our to cry when they went through and it
reminds me just warning
my caste go on I'm surprised how all the
big strong men can get emotional and I
think that's such a journey that you
sounds cheesy made such a journey from
beginning to end and you put in your own
physical entity and everything and so to
make it all the way to the end is the
beginning the biggest achievement of my
life so I'm very proud I think it's
gonna be one of the best finals of extra
fees ever seen but it's going to be sad
when it's not now it's time to have your
say comment on the BBC's Strictly
results blog and let the nation know
what you thought of the results